ActiveWeb &mdash; Java web development that doesn't hurt
=========

ActiveWeb is a Java web framework inspired by Ruby on Rails. It is optimized to be sustainable,  productive, and familiar for Java developers. 

## ActiveWeb design principles

* __Convention over configuration__: zero configuration is required to develop ActiveWeb applications, and some conventions are overridable.
* __Highest degree of developer productivity__: ActiveWeb allows developers to build real Java web projects without the need for the typical compile/package/deploy/start cycle. A container is started once, and development can continue. ActiveWeb will recompile controllers and reload them into a running container on the fly.
* __Adherence to Java standards__: ActiveWeb binds to core Java standards: JDBC and Servlets.
* __First-rate built-in testing capabilities__: ActiveWeb provides the ability to test every discrete business function, including data generated by business logic, the content and structure of generated HTML/JSON/XML/XYZ, and complex user scenarios, all without having to start a container. ActiveWeb is perfect for true TDD/BDD, and it promotes writing specifications (tests) before coding implementations.
* __Full stack web development platform__: unlike many other Java frameworks, such as JSF, Struts, Wicket, etc., which usually solve only one problem, ActiveWeb is a full stack development framework for the Web. It provides all features that are integrated together. This allows to start Java web projects very fast.
Integrated dependency injection - ActiveWeb integrates Google Guice as a dependency injection container.
* __ActiveWeb uses [ActiveJDBC](https://github.com/javalite/activejdbc) as ORM layer__. This is a lightweight integration, and both frameworks work very well together. However, developers still have the option of using a different ORM package if desired.
* __Built-in support for Unobtrusive JavaScript__: this allows for the development of dynamic Ajax applications without having to write repetitive JavaScript code. Unobtrusive JavaScript does not clutter HTML pages as generated JavaScript would.

## 5 minutes to understand ActiveWeb

Watch a quick video on Youtube that demonstrates ActiveWeb's ability to add code to the application dynamically, at run time:

<iframe width="640" height="360" src="http://www.youtube.com/embed/YX1TAtuSqQE?feature=player_embedded" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Documentation

All documentation is placed here: [http://javalite.io](http://javalite.io)
